{Fix} - Missing data and add small tips for angular dev (#5)
CMEPW/website: content/blog/front-end-tips.md

+++
title = "How to contribute as Angular developper"
date = "2021-02-07T21:49:20+02:00"
tags = ["angular", "npm"]
categories = ["front"]
banner = "imgBlog/preview/missionView.png"
summary = "tips for front-end developper"
author = "Jenaye"
+++

# How tp run API to work correctly

>requirements : node & docker + docker-compose

In case you want to contribute on the client part of the application it is useless to launch the codimd or the bitwarden, you just have to launch the API.

> you can do it this way `docker-compose up api`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First run `docker-compose up api` to be able to consume the API. Indeed you have to run `make install` first to setup the containers
```

 
# How to run Angular

> For the Angular part, you have to go to the `Client` folder and launch the following commands: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As running javascript in a container is really slow we chose to not provide a container, then you have to go to the `client` folder and run the following command: 
```
